beauty talks to 5 and serve again
with 6 in rural strengths 12 people this
here's going to be different than it's going to be video
of the lists of experiences of forsa reason
I'll start with number 4 which is what
It's here, but then I go.
redoing others and the idea is to make a
a beauty video experience because
There are going to be some who are going to be well.
difficult that I'll have you 300 thousand
times until then the idea is
bring one by video to the galera who
I want to go, I managed to find the video of
good and good you want a non bonus video
has nothing to do with the series being gone.
exact arranger then go there
the first one's going to be the one from here and let's go
then start
beauty then people here have been
quiet she only hit the goal of 25 thousand
points
gave a snobby slut there but that 's it
It 's very quiet here, it 's very easy to do.
the drift that gets quiet beauty
exit and leave the load terminal and display
for you how to leave the configuration
I changed a little bit, I just put it in the
automatic exchange more I think it was
better have left in the same manual
some things some parts that he
stopped either because he already changed the second
but had left in the first self
could is more points then right
show here, we'll turn off
traction control and beauty stability
so be it
see you around São Paulo 1